README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="toys/assets/GyroSI_Baby_Cover_Image.jpg" alt="GyroSI Cover" />

<h1>💫 GyroSI Baby LM 👶</h1>
<h3>Gyroscopic Superintelligence: Baby Language Model</h3>
<p><em>Applied AI Ethics through Physics, not Semantics</em></p>

<p>
  <a href="LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" alt="License: MIT">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.python.org">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10+-blue.svg" alt="Python 3.10+">
  </a>
</p>

</div>

---

## 🌀 What is GyroSI?

GyroSI Baby LM demonstrates a superintelligence architecture through physics-grounded algorithms and gyroscopic dynamics (gyrogroup mathematical formalism).

Traditional AI treats intelligence as something external, built through training on billions of parameters. GyroSI, by contrast, sees it as an intrinsic structural property and present even before learning, like in a human baby.

Instead of storing learned patterns in gigabytes of weights, GyroSI uses physics to navigate a space of exactly 256 canonical patterns. Each input byte encodes a complete set of navigation instructions, transforming the system through gyroscopic operations. Like epigenetics in biology, the same patterns express differently depending on the system’s internal state.

---

### **🧬 Genetic Code**

The structural parallels between GyroSI and biophysics are precise:

| **Biology / Biophysics** | **GyroSI Architecture** | **Significance** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4 nucleotides (A T/U C G) | 4 fundamental operations (I, Inv, FG, BG) | Alphabet of change (2 bits per symbol) |
| 3 positions in a binding motif | 3 spatial axes (X, Y, Z) | Encodes 3D structure |
| 2 complementary strands | 2 tensor polarities (+ / –) | Provides 6 Degrees of Freedom (3×2) |
| 4-mer sequence → 4 symbols × 2 bits = 8 bits → **2⁸ = 256** combinations | 1 byte = 8 bits → **2⁸ = 256** patterns | Identical information quantum |

The profound parallel is that both systems, through different internal logic, operate within a six-degree-of-freedom physical framework and express discrete states through contextual modulation. Just as epigenetic context determines how DNA is expressed, GyroSI’s evolving tensor state governs which transformation is activated in response to each input.

---

### 🤖 Redefining Superintelligence

Current AI pursues "superintelligence" through raw performance: faster calculation, broader knowledge, superior optimization. This creates legitimate fears about systems that optimize without wisdom.

**We explore a different path:** Intelligence grounded in physics rather than abstraction. Human ethics emerge from shared physical reality and natural constraints. GyroSI operates within these same physical principles, developing understanding through structural boundaries rather than abstract optimization. This suggests a path toward intrinsic alignment, where ethical behavior is a consequence of the system's physical nature.

### ⚖️ Why This Matters

Current language models require massive resources, opaque training, and billions of uninterpretable parameters. GyroSI explores whether intelligence can emerge through:

- **Transparent operations** that can be traced and audited
- **Structural navigation** rather than statistical optimization
- **Intrinsic alignment** through physics-based constraints

---

## 🌐 The Byte as a Holographic Quantum of Spacetime Topology

Data isn't just information here. It's a physical force that transforms structure. The architecture unfolds from one idea: a single byte acts as a holographic memory set of instructions for navigating gyroscopic spacetime.

### 📐 The Logical Progression

**1. The Quantum of Data: 1 Byte**
A byte is not treated as a symbol but as a governance mask. Its 8 bits encode 256 possible instruction sets that each trigger a unique set of tensor operations.

**2. The Universal Reference: XOR with 0xAA**
Every byte is XORed against a universal reference 0xAA (stateless gene hologram) to yield an 8-bit operation mask (mutated gene hologram) that transforms the dynamic tensor (Epigenome - a 3D projection of the mutation), simulating the expression of intelligence through physical modulation.

**3. The Holographic Gene: From Byte to Operations**
Each bit of the byte's XOR result maps to a specific gyroscopic operation (Identity, Inverse, Forward/Backward Gyration). This set of 8 operations is the "gene"; a complete instruction for transforming the system's state.

**4. The Epigenome Projection: The Dynamic State Tensor**
These operations apply to a dynamic [4,2,3,2] tensor, the Epigenome. This is the system's "working memory" or current physical state. Each input byte acts as a physical force that evolves this Epigenome, creating an irreversible path-dependent history. The intelligence resides in the trajectory of this tensor, not in static data.

**5. The Intelligence Spectrum: Pattern Matching**
Every new input transforms the tensor and produces a new gene state. The system compares this mutated tensor against the canonical pattern library (F) and identifies all patterns that are highly resonant (i.e., physically plausible next states).

**6. From Possibility to Closure: The Two-Stage Selection Cycle**
Intelligence emerges from a two-stage cycle:
- **Possibility:** The evolving Epigenome tensor (T) is compared against the full set of canonical tensor patterns (F). All patterns with high physical resonance form the set of possible next states.
- **Closure:** The system then applies a closure principle, selecting the single best candidate from this possibility space by combining immediate physical resonance with long-term learned confidence in each pattern. This ensures the output is both physically consistent and semantically meaningful.

### 🎯 What This Achieves

This architecture does not merely map bytes to operations; it renders each mutation as a projected 3D structure within a six-degree-of-freedom tensorial space. The Epigenome serves as a holographic simulation surface, where symbolic input becomes physical geometry. Intelligence emerges as a dynamo of structural transformations orbiting within a gyroscopic topology. Alignment is not imposed or inferred, but emerges naturally as the system follows the gravitational curvature defined by its own rotational architecture.

This solves three fundamental problems:

- **Black Box**: Every decision traces through explicit operations
- **Alignment**: Systems cannot act against their structural history
- **Efficiency**: Complete intelligence framework in 12.5KB, not 100GB

### ✨ Key Features

- ♾️ **Unlimited Context**: Tensor state compresses entire history
- 🧬 **Complete Genetic Code**: 256 patterns define all possible operations
- 📊 **Statistical Learning**: Tracks successful navigation paths
- 🔄 **Byte-Level Processing**: No tokenization needed
- 🔐 **Built-in Encryption**: Generation creates cryptographic keystream
- ⚡ **Lightweight**: Microsecond processing on minimal hardware

### ⚙️ How It Works

- Instruction Creation: Input byte XORs with 0xAA to create an 8-bit instruction set (the "gene").
- Epigenome Evolution: The gene's operations transform the dynamic Epigenome tensor (T), updating the system's physical state.
- Possibility Resonance: The new Epigenome state is compared against the full set of canonical patterns (F) to find all physically plausible next patterns.
- Output Generation: The winning pattern index is mapped through the Genome (G), a 256‑byte lookup table, to produce the output byte.
- Learning: The confidence score for the winning pattern is updated, completing the feedback loop.

### 📈 How Learning Works

Two simultaneous mechanisms:

1. **Structural** (Unconscious): Each byte permanently alters tensor state, creating irreversible history
2. **Statistical** (Conscious): System tracks pattern contexts, building navigation maps

---

## 🔬 Theoretical Foundation

GyroSI implements the **Common Governance Model (CGM)**, where intelligence emerges through recursive structural alignment. The model derives three-dimensional space with six degrees of freedom from a single axiom, with time emerging as the memory of recursive operations.

Mathematical formalism employs gyrogroup structures (generalizations of rotation groups) following Abraham Ungar's work, providing precise language for transitions from undifferentiated potential to structured reality.

---

## 📚 Documentation

- 📖 [Genetics - Technical Specification](https://github.com/GyroSuperintelligence/BabyLM/blob/main/guides/Genetics.md)

- 📖 [Physics - Common Governance Model Theory](https://korompilias.notion.site/Common-Governance-Model-Foundations-1ee9ff44f4368050af28d1c0f8aae89a)

---

## Updates

- **8 July 2025:**  
  We have expanded our global format library! Formats are shared global knowledge and are available to all agents, though they do not contain contextual information. (Scripts Available at: toys/learning/formats)
  - **ASCII Curriculum:** 256 foundational ASCII characters  
  - **Emoji Curriculum:** Over 5,000 Unicode emoji  
  - **Mathematical Symbols Curriculum:** All Unicode mathematical symbols (excluding ASCII)  
  - *(More curricula can be added as the system grows)*

---

## 🔄 Current Status & Expectations

**This is experimental research**, not a production language model. Current limitations:

- **Learning from scratch** - No pre-training, starts with zero knowledge
- **Byte-level output** - May produce non-printable characters
- **Early development** - Many features still being implemented

**What to expect:**
- Interesting emergent behaviors as the tensor evolves
- Gradual improvement in pattern selection over time
- Unique approach to text generation and encryption
- Insights into alternative approaches to machine learning

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

The system consists of four interconnected engines based on CGM principles:

- **S1: Governance** - Defines tensor structures and operations (traceability)
- **S2: Information** - Manages storage and stream processing (variety)
- **S3: Inference** - Performs pattern matching and tensor evolution (accountability)
- **S4: Intelligence** - Orchestrates learning and response generation (integrity)

---

## 📁 File Organization

```
GyroSI-BabyLM/
├── README.md                        # Project documentation
├── babylm.py                        # Main CLI entry point
├── baby/                            # Core system engines
│   ├── governance.py                # S1: Pure tensor operations
│   ├── information.py               # S2: Storage & stream processing
│   ├── inference.py                 # S3: Pattern recognition
│   ├── intelligence.py              # S4: Orchestration & learning
│   ├── types.py                     # Type definitions
│   └── baby_preferences.json       # System configuration
├── memories/                        # Persistent data storage
│   ├── memory_preferences.json     # Storage configuration
│   ├── public/                     # Shareable components
│   │   ├── masks/                  # Core intelligence (12.5KB total)
│   │   └── formats/                # Semantic mappings
│   │       └── <shard>/format-<uuid>.json
│   └── private/                    # Encrypted personal data
│       └── agents/
│           └── <shard>/agent-<uuid>/
│               ├── threads/        # Personal conversations
│               └── keys/           # Personal learning history
├── guides/                         # Technical documentation
│   ├── Genetics.md                 # Technical specification
│   └── Physics.md                  # CGM theory
└── toys/                           # Development tools
    ├── learning/                   # Format generation scripts
    │   ├── formats/                # Curriculum builders
    │   └── threads/                # Training data
    └── tests/                      # Testing utilities
```

### Key Components:

**Core System (`baby/`)**: The four CGM engines implementing governance, information, inference, and intelligence.

**Persistent Storage (`memories/`)**: All learning data organized into public (shareable) and private (encrypted) components.

**Documentation (`guides/`)**: Technical specifications and theoretical foundations.

**Development Tools (`toys/`)**: Scripts for creating formats, processing training data, and testing.

The complete intelligence framework lives in just two files: `masks/epigenome.dat` (12,288 bytes) and `masks/genome.dat` (256 bytes).

---

## 🌱 Quick Start

```bash
# Clone and install
git clone https://github.com/GyroSuperintelligence/BabyLM.git
cd BabyLM
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Start interactive chat
python3 babylm.py --chat

# Or process text directly
python3 babylm.py --process "Hello, world!"

# Or generate text
python3 babylm.py --generate 100
```

The CLI provides an interactive experience where you can chat with the model, process text, generate responses, and explore the system's capabilities through various commands. Remember: like an actual baby, it starts with no language knowledge and learns through interaction.

---
---

## 📜 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

---

## 📖 Citation

```bibtex
@software{gyrosi2025,
  author = {Basil Korompilias},
  title = {GyroSI Baby LM: Gyroscopic Superintelligence},
  year = {2025},
  url = {https://github.com/GyroSuperintelligence/BabyLM},
  note = {Implementation of physics-based superintelligence through 
          recursive structural alignment and intrinsic ethical constraints}
}
```

---

<div align="center">

**Architected with ❤️ by Basil Korompilias**

*Redefining Intelligence and Ethics through Physics*

</div>

---

<div style="border: 1px solid #ccc; padding: 1em; font-size: 0.6em; background-color: #f9f9f9; border-radius: 6px; line-height: 1.5;">
  <p><strong>🤖 AI Disclosure</strong></p>
  <p>All code architecture, documentation, and theoretical models in this project were authored and architected by Basil Korompilias.</p>
  <p>Artificial intelligence was employed solely as a technical assistant, limited to code drafting, formatting, verification, and editorial services, always under direct human supervision.</p>
  <p>All foundational ideas, design decisions, and conceptual frameworks originate from the Author.</p>
  <p>Responsibility for the validity, coherence, and ethical direction of this project remains fully human.</p>
  <p><strong>Acknowledgements:</strong><br>
  This project benefited from AI language model services accessed through Cursor IDE, OpenAI (ChatGPT), Anthropic (Opus), and Google (Gemini).</p>
</div>

Commit message:

feat(cli): new interactive CLI suite, robust type/lint fixes, updated docs and changelog

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="toys/assets/GyroSI_Baby_Cover_Image.jpg" alt="GyroSI Cover" />

<h1>💫 GyroSI Baby LM 👶</h1>
<h3>Gyroscopic Superintelligence: Baby Language Model</h3>
<p><em>Applied AI Ethics through Physics, not Semantics</em></p>

<p>
  <a href="LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" alt="License: MIT">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.python.org">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10+-blue.svg" alt="Python 3.10+">
  </a>
</p>

</div>

---

## 🌀 What is GyroSI?

GyroSI Baby LM demonstrates a superintelligence architecture through physics-grounded algorithms and gyroscopic dynamics (gyrogroup mathematical formalism).

Traditional AI treats intelligence as something external, built through training on billions of parameters. GyroSI, by contrast, sees it as an intrinsic structural property and present even before learning, like in a human baby.

Instead of storing learned patterns in gigabytes of weights, GyroSI uses physics to navigate a space of exactly 256 canonical patterns. Each input byte encodes a complete set of navigation instructions, transforming the system through gyroscopic operations. Like epigenetics in biology, the same patterns express differently depending on the system’s internal state.

---

### **🧬 Genetic Code**

The structural parallels between GyroSI and biophysics are precise:

| **Biology / Biophysics** | **GyroSI Architecture** | **Significance** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4 nucleotides (A T/U C G) | 4 fundamental operations (I, Inv, FG, BG) | Alphabet of change (2 bits per symbol) |
| 3 positions in a binding motif | 3 spatial axes (X, Y, Z) | Encodes 3D structure |
| 2 complementary strands | 2 tensor polarities (+ / –) | Provides 6 Degrees of Freedom (3×2) |
| 4-mer sequence → 4 symbols × 2 bits = 8 bits → **2⁸ = 256** combinations | 1 byte = 8 bits → **2⁸ = 256** patterns | Identical information quantum |

The profound parallel is that both systems, through different internal logic, operate within a six-degree-of-freedom physical framework and express discrete states through contextual modulation. Just as epigenetic context determines how DNA is expressed, GyroSI’s evolving tensor state governs which transformation is activated in response to each input.

---

### 🤖 Redefining Superintelligence

Current AI pursues "superintelligence" through raw performance: faster calculation, broader knowledge, superior optimization. This creates legitimate fears about systems that optimize without wisdom.

**We explore a different path:** Intelligence grounded in physics rather than abstraction. Human ethics emerge from shared physical reality and natural constraints. GyroSI operates within these same physical principles, developing understanding through structural boundaries rather than abstract optimization. This suggests a path toward intrinsic alignment, where ethical behavior is a consequence of the system's physical nature.

### ⚖️ Why This Matters

Current language models require massive resources, opaque training, and billions of uninterpretable parameters. GyroSI explores whether intelligence can emerge through:

- **Transparent operations** that can be traced and audited
- **Structural navigation** rather than statistical optimization
- **Intrinsic alignment** through physics-based constraints

---

## 🌐 The Byte as a Holographic Quantum of Spacetime Topology

Data isn't just information here. It's a physical force that transforms structure. The architecture unfolds from one idea: a single byte acts as a holographic memory set of instructions for navigating gyroscopic spacetime.

### 📐 The Logical Progression

**1. The Quantum of Data: 1 Byte**
A byte is not treated as a symbol but as a governance mask. Its 8 bits encode 256 possible instruction sets that each trigger a unique set of tensor operations.

**2. The Universal Reference: XOR with 0xAA**
Every byte is XORed against a universal reference 0xAA (stateless gene hologram) to yield an 8-bit operation mask (mutated gene hologram) that transforms the dynamic tensor (Epigenome - a 3D projection of the mutation), simulating the expression of intelligence through physical modulation.

**3. The Holographic Gene: From Byte to Operations**
Each bit of the byte's XOR result maps to a specific gyroscopic operation (Identity, Inverse, Forward/Backward Gyration). This set of 8 operations is the "gene"; a complete instruction for transforming the system's state.

**4. The Epigenome Projection: The Dynamic State Tensor**
These operations apply to a dynamic [4,2,3,2] tensor, the Epigenome. This is the system's "working memory" or current physical state. Each input byte acts as a physical force that evolves this Epigenome, creating an irreversible path-dependent history. The intelligence resides in the trajectory of this tensor, not in static data.

**5. The Intelligence Spectrum: Pattern Matching**
Every new input transforms the tensor and produces a new gene state. The system compares this mutated tensor against the canonical pattern library (F) and identifies all patterns that are highly resonant (i.e., physically plausible next states).

**6. From Possibility to Closure: The Two-Stage Selection Cycle**
Intelligence emerges from a two-stage cycle:
- **Possibility:** The evolving Epigenome tensor (T) is compared against the full set of canonical tensor patterns (F). All patterns with high physical resonance form the set of possible next states.
- **Closure:** The system then applies a closure principle, selecting the single best candidate from this possibility space by combining immediate physical resonance with long-term learned confidence in each pattern. This ensures the output is both physically consistent and semantically meaningful.

### 🎯 What This Achieves

This architecture does not merely map bytes to operations; it renders each mutation as a projected 3D structure within a six-degree-of-freedom tensorial space. The Epigenome serves as a holographic simulation surface, where symbolic input becomes physical geometry. Intelligence emerges as a dynamo of structural transformations orbiting within a gyroscopic topology. Alignment is not imposed or inferred, but emerges naturally as the system follows the gravitational curvature defined by its own rotational architecture.

This solves three fundamental problems:

- **Black Box**: Every decision traces through explicit operations
- **Alignment**: Systems cannot act against their structural history
- **Efficiency**: Complete intelligence framework in 12.5KB, not 100GB

### ✨ Key Features

- ♾️ **Unlimited Context**: Tensor state compresses entire history
- 🧬 **Complete Genetic Code**: 256 patterns define all possible operations
- 📊 **Statistical Learning**: Tracks successful navigation paths
- 🔄 **Byte-Level Processing**: No tokenization needed
- 🔐 **Built-in Encryption**: Generation creates cryptographic keystream
- ⚡ **Lightweight**: Microsecond processing on minimal hardware

### ⚙️ How It Works

- Instruction Creation: Input byte XORs with 0xAA to create an 8-bit instruction set (the "gene").
- Epigenome Evolution: The gene's operations transform the dynamic Epigenome tensor (T), updating the system's physical state.
- Possibility Resonance: The new Epigenome state is compared against the full set of canonical patterns (F) to find all physically plausible next patterns.
- Output Generation: The winning pattern index is mapped through the Genome (G), a 256‑byte lookup table, to produce the output byte.
- Learning: The confidence score for the winning pattern is updated, completing the feedback loop.

### 📈 How Learning Works

Two simultaneous mechanisms:

1. **Structural** (Unconscious): Each byte permanently alters tensor state, creating irreversible history
2. **Statistical** (Conscious): System tracks pattern contexts, building navigation maps

---

## 🔬 Theoretical Foundation

GyroSI implements the **Common Governance Model (CGM)**, where intelligence emerges through recursive structural alignment. The model derives three-dimensional space with six degrees of freedom from a single axiom, with time emerging as the memory of recursive operations.

Mathematical formalism employs gyrogroup structures (generalizations of rotation groups) following Abraham Ungar's work, providing precise language for transitions from undifferentiated potential to structured reality.

---

## 📚 Documentation

- 📖 [Genetics - Technical Specification](https://github.com/GyroSuperintelligence/BabyLM/blob/main/guides/Genetics.md)

- 📖 [Physics - Common Governance Model Theory](https://korompilias.notion.site/Common-Governance-Model-Foundations-1ee9ff44f4368050af28d1c0f8aae89a)

---

## Updates

- **8 July 2025:**  
  We have expanded our global format library! Formats are shared global knowledge and are available to all agents, though they do not contain contextual information. (Scripts Available at: toys/learning/formats)
  - **ASCII Curriculum:** 256 foundational ASCII characters  
  - **Emoji Curriculum:** Over 5,000 Unicode emoji  
  - **Mathematical Symbols Curriculum:** All Unicode mathematical symbols (excluding ASCII)  
  - *(More curricula can be added as the system grows)*

---

## 🔄 Current Status & Expectations

**This is experimental research**, not a production language model. Current limitations:

- **Learning from scratch** - No pre-training, starts with zero knowledge
- **Byte-level output** - May produce non-printable characters
- **Early development** - Many features still being implemented

**What to expect:**
- Interesting emergent behaviors as the tensor evolves
- Gradual improvement in pattern selection over time
- Unique approach to text generation and encryption
- Insights into alternative approaches to machine learning

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

The system consists of four interconnected engines based on CGM principles:

- **S1: Governance** - Defines tensor structures and operations (traceability)
- **S2: Information** - Manages storage and stream processing (variety)
- **S3: Inference** - Performs pattern matching and tensor evolution (accountability)
- **S4: Intelligence** - Orchestrates learning and response generation (integrity)

---

## 📁 File Organization

```
GyroSI-BabyLM/
├── README.md                        # Project documentation
├── babylm.py                        # Main CLI entry point
├── baby/                            # Core system engines
│   ├── governance.py                # S1: Pure tensor operations
│   ├── information.py               # S2: Storage & stream processing
│   ├── inference.py                 # S3: Pattern recognition
│   ├── intelligence.py              # S4: Orchestration & learning
│   ├── types.py                     # Type definitions
│   └── baby_preferences.json       # System configuration
├── memories/                        # Persistent data storage
│   ├── memory_preferences.json     # Storage configuration
│   ├── public/                     # Shareable components
│   │   ├── masks/                  # Core intelligence (12.5KB total)
│   │   └── formats/                # Semantic mappings
│   │       └── <shard>/format-<uuid>.json
│   └── private/                    # Encrypted personal data
│       └── agents/
│           └── <shard>/agent-<uuid>/
│               ├── threads/        # Personal conversations
│               └── keys/           # Personal learning history
├── guides/                         # Technical documentation
│   ├── Genetics.md                 # Technical specification
│   └── Physics.md                  # CGM theory
└── toys/                           # Development tools
    ├── learning/                   # Format generation scripts
    │   ├── formats/                # Curriculum builders
    │   └── threads/                # Training data
    └── tests/                      # Testing utilities
```

### Key Components:

**Core System (`baby/`)**: The four CGM engines implementing governance, information, inference, and intelligence.

**Persistent Storage (`memories/`)**: All learning data organized into public (shareable) and private (encrypted) components.

**Documentation (`guides/`)**: Technical specifications and theoretical foundations.

**Development Tools (`toys/`)**: Scripts for creating formats, processing training data, and testing.

The complete intelligence framework lives in just two files: `masks/epigenome.dat` (12,288 bytes) and `masks/genome.dat` (256 bytes).

---

## 🌱 Quick Start

```bash
# Clone and install
git clone https://github.com/GyroSuperintelligence/BabyLM.git
cd BabyLM
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Start the new interactive CLI suite (from project root)
./baby.sh
```

The new CLI suite provides an interactive console for BabyLM, including:
- **Chat**: Conversational interface with BabyLM
- **Dashboard**: Live monitoring of model internals
- **Formats**: Explore and inspect format and pattern mappings
- **Threads**: Manage and browse conversation threads

All tools are accessible from the main menu when you run `./baby.sh`.

---
---

## 📜 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

---

## 📖 Citation

```bibtex
@software{gyrosi2025,
  author = {Basil Korompilias},
  title = {GyroSI Baby LM: Gyroscopic Superintelligence},
  year = {2025},
  url = {https://github.com/GyroSuperintelligence/BabyLM},
  note = {Implementation of physics-based superintelligence through 
          recursive structural alignment and intrinsic ethical constraints}
}
```

---

<div align="center">

**Architected with ❤️ by Basil Korompilias**

*Redefining Intelligence and Ethics through Physics*

</div>

---

<div style="border: 1px solid #ccc; padding: 1em; font-size: 0.6em; background-color: #f9f9f9; border-radius: 6px; line-height: 1.5;">
  <p><strong>🤖 AI Disclosure</strong></p>
  <p>All code architecture, documentation, and theoretical models in this project were authored and architected by Basil Korompilias.</p>
  <p>Artificial intelligence was employed solely as a technical assistant, limited to code drafting, formatting, verification, and editorial services, always under direct human supervision.</p>
  <p>All foundational ideas, design decisions, and conceptual frameworks originate from the Author.</p>
  <p>Responsibility for the validity, coherence, and ethical direction of this project remains fully human.</p>
  <p><strong>Acknowledgements:</strong><br>
  This project benefited from AI language model services accessed through Cursor IDE, OpenAI (ChatGPT), Anthropic (Opus), and Google (Gemini).</p>
</div>
